Updating env page (#8811)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## March 2026

> - **Enhancement:** The environment [Connection profiles](/docs/cloud/about-profiles#environment-profiles-table) page has been updated: The profile name is now a clickable button that opens the view/edit drawer (in both view and edit mode), the Connection column links to the connection details page in a new tab, and in edit mode a swap icon button lets you change the assigned profile. The previous ellipsis menu has been removed. For details, see [About profiles](/docs/cloud/about-profiles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** The environment [Connection profiles](/docs/cloud/about-profiles#environment-profiles-table) page has been updated. The profile name is now a clickable button that opens the view/edit drawer, the Connection column links to the connection details page in a new tab, and in edit mode a **swap icon** button lets you change the assigned profile. The previous ellipsis menu has been removed. For details, refer to [About profiles](/docs/cloud/about-profiles).
```

Reviewer: Hiya @runleonarun 

I amended this slightly as the sentence was quite long after the colon.
I also removed "(in both view and edit mode)" after "view/edit drawer" 
Amended "see" to "refer to" so that language is accessible.
Bolded "swap icon" as it's a UI element
